how're we doing today YouTube today I
just picked up elderscrolls v Skyrim and
I just want to make a quick demo video
for you today on how to lockpick now I
had some problems with this at the very
beginning and I don't know I could very
easily see other people having some
issues with it so basically I just want
to throw up a quick video for you I've
only got the novice down I imagine that
once we get to the harder levels that
there's going to be it'll be more
sensitive and I'll go ahead and show you
real quick so we're using both the left
analog stick in the right hand long
stick the left analog stick is basically
us jumbling the pins it really does
nothing for now now you kind of just
have the ballpark where you want this to
be and then you use your right analog
stick to slowly turn okay so I'm gonna
stick this okay so you see how right
here it shakes and oh I broke my lock
pick so what you want to do is you gotta
find that sweet spot and slowly turn
with your right analog stick until you
can find where your the lock pick
doesn't break because you're essentially
using a lock pick and then a knife to
spin it so just use the left analog
stick to get that lock pick into a spot
where it doesn't break and then where
it's not shaking and then you use the
right analog stick to spin the lock so
that way it unlocks so let's go ahead
and see this way seems to be pretty good
I haven't hit any broken spots yet
we're good we're open so go ahead guys
if you have any problems then go ahead
and leave a comment in the responses
below I will try to get as many more of
these videos out to be able to help you
guys have fun playing Skyrim we'll see
you later